Analyze this data
OPPORTUNITY ZONE | OUT PARCELS AVAILABLE

FORMER K-MART FOR SALE

280 JOHN R. JUNKIN DRIVE . NATCHEZ . MS . 39120
280 JOHN R. JUNKIN DR.
NATCHEZ, MS 39120

THE McENERY COMPANY

810 UNION STREET, 4TH FLOOR

NEW ORLEANS, LA 70112 \ of -—_ a TS
io dximation contained herein has been obtained from sources that we deem reliable. No representation or warranty is

504-274-2701 | MCENERYCO.COM ~as to the accuracy thereof, and it is submitted subject to errors, omissions, change of price, or other conditions, or
withdrawal | withougnotice. Licensed i ins Louisiana.
— OFFERING SUMMARY

Address: 280 John R. Junkin Drive, Natchez, MS 39120

List Price: $2,450,000 | $30.68 PSF

GBA:+/- 79,864 SF

Site Size: +/- 6.72 Acres

Zoning: B-4 | Highway Business District

Offering Overview: Excellent opportunity to acquire a well-located property with multiple value add components.
The improvements were constructed in 1968, with K Mart occupying the facility until 2016.

Deal Highlights:

Several short-term tenants currently in place, generating an approximate NOI of $157K.

Upside via 40,000 of vacant space as well as outparcel development options.

Directly adjacent to the flagship location of the Natchez Market grocery store chain.

» A lease with Valor Healthcare Inc. for approximately 9,756 square feet is pending.

» The property sits at a lighted intersection with multiple access points and unobstructed access to the Natchez
Market grocery store.
— PROPERTY SURVEY

“Nolcher Mall®

Rush House

I
I
LS = 3 _ AE

Ovarmead
Doors (2)

Office Space : Office
- Space

Integrated Ses 1h
Products USA ‘Dubeery
(moveable)

Darby Furniture

Bray = ames

ENE BPS, 1

Proposed
Healthcare Tenant

| li oo males ne _ io em st

“ Lobby Entrance,

Fr Lhd pi

FINANCIALS

INCOME AND EXPENSE RECONCILLIATION

RENT ROLL: LEASE EXPIRATIONS:
TT $15,000 ..cocessereeennes Month to Month
INTEGRATED PRODUCTS USA ......oseeeememeeeeeeeneeeeen $21,600........ccmmnrnnen July 81,2023
JDJNTISE 40 2 E1300 1  123 ON J <1 0 J 010 C N——— Month to Month
THE MERCHANTS COMPANY $12.576.rererrrrere, September 30, 2023

VALOR HEALTHCARE* $ 114,916.......cooooeeererenen Seven Years

EXPENSES:
ELECTRICITY... reece sees seems seems sseesesesssssssessssemsssesssssssesass

NET OPERATING INCOME oor $157,350

\d ~~

PROPERTY PHOTOS
=
ra
EEN Sr
1
|
DE
— DEMOGRAPHICS

RADIUS: 3 MILES 5 MILES

TOTAL POPULATION 1,825

TOTAL HOUSEHOLDS 811

AVERAGE
HOUSEHOLD INCOME $31,166

verizon’ a
Tm d| 45 wr For VE

i |HIBBETT | CITY GEA

3 ESTABLISHED 1945 a We

ee 5 it's fashion kets
OLLIE'S Jee

GOOD STUFF CHEAP )
THE McENERY COMPANY

810 UNION STREET, 4TH FLOOR
NEW ORLEANS, LA 70112

504-274-2701 | MCENERYCO.COM

Christopher K. Dozier
Associate Broker
C: 504.722.5393
D: 504.274.2712
ckdozier@mceneryco.com
DUAL AGENCY CONFIRMATION
Adapted Form of

The Mississippi Real Estate Commission
Jackson, MS

Seller:

Buyer:

Property:

This Dumal Azency Confirmation is an addendum to and made part of the Offer to Purchase dated

pi} , between the above-captioned Seller and Buyer for the purchase of the

<pecifically identified property.

The wndersizned acknowledges that the licensee has explained dual agency representation to them and they
have received the following information regarding disclozed dual agency:

A disclosed dual agent is a licensee who, with the informed written consent of Seller and Buyer, is
engaged as an agent for both Seller and buyer.
As a disclosed dual agent the licensee shall not represent the interests of one party to the exclusion or
detriment of the interests of the other party. A disclosed dual agent has all the fiduciary duties to the
Seller and Buyer that a Seller's or Buyer's agent has except the duties of full disclosure and
undivided loyalty.
A disclosed dual agent may NOT disclose:
(ay To the Buyer that the Seller will accept les: tham the asking or listed price, mmless
otherwise instructed in writing by the Seller;
ib) To the Seller that the Buyer will pay a price greater than the price submitted in a written
offer to the Seller, unless otherwise instructed in writing by the Buyer;
ic) The motivation of the Seller or Buyer for selling, buying or leasing a property, unless
otherwise instructed in writing by the respective party or
(d) That a Seller or Buyer will agree fo financing terms other tham those offered mmless
instructed in writing by the respective party.

Seller and Buyer hereby confirm that they give their informed consent to the disclosed dual agency of:

and

Name of Brokerage Firm

Name of Licensee Name of Licensee

who represent both Seller and Buyer in this transaction.

Date.

Date;

Belfer:
Seller {print name):

Buyer:
Buyer (print name).

This Dual Agency Confirmation form is Seller, Buyer and Property specific. It has been adoptea
by the Mizzizzippi Real Estate Commizgsion and is required fo be used by real estate licensees

purauant to Rule IV. E. of the Rules and Regulations.
MREC-ADZ (Feb. 2004]

Approved 012003 By

WORKING WITHA MS Rend Erste Commasinn
FP. (h Box 12685
REAL ESTATE BROKER (FO Bo eas
*++THIS IS NOT A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT
GENERAL
Bafors you begin workimg with any real estate agent, you should know whens the agsat in the ma don. Missnuippd real ert
Iicanswes ars reqrirsd to ditchoss which party they represen im a frnmcton and bo allow @ party the Tight io choos or refuse mmong the varices agsnoy

rations.
Thars ars several types of mlationships that are possible and you should usders ond these at the tims 2 broker or salespemea provides speciBc
assistance to you i a meal sats mansaction,

Ths purpose of the Agsacy Disclosus i to document an ackno tha the © has bea of varions agacy
ralationships, which am svaibible in 2 real estate transaction.

Fos the purposs of this disclosure, the term saller andlor buyer will also include thos other acts specified im Section 7335-3 (1). of he
Biss. Coda, “Hut, sll, purchass, , Tumt, leave, manage, or amction aay mal estate, or the Eoprovemens therscn inclading options.”

SELLER'S AGENT

A sallsr con amtar inte @ "listing apesmest” with a meal estate frm awthorizing the firm and its agents) to represent the seller i Ending =
‘buyer for bis property. A licenses who is sogaped by and acts as the agent of the Seller coly is known a: a Sellars Agsnt A Sellars agent has tha
following dutien and chEgaticas:
To the Seller:

+The Educiary duties of loyalty, confidsatiality, chedisacs, discov, fall accounting and the duty to use skill, cars and digence.
To the Buver and Seller:

+4 duty of heassty and Sir Salizg,

A duty to discloss all facts known to the Sallar's ager mussrially aFecting the veins of the property, which ar not known fo, or readily

obsarvakle by, the parties i= a tamsacton.

BUYER'S AGENT

A breysr pery coniact with am agent or Bre bo represent hiner. A Hcanses whe is sogaged by and acs 2s the agent of the Buys caly is
known as the Buyer's Agsat

If a Buyer want: an agunt to Tepresent him i= purchasmy a property, the buyer can enter into a Buyer's Agency Agreement with the agent.
A Byer's Agent has the following duties 2nd obligations:
Ts the Buyer:

* Tha Sduciary duties of loyalty, confidentiality, obediencs, disclowars, fall accountng and the duty to use skill, cars and dligencs.
To the Seller znd Buyer:

* A duty of honesty and fiir dealing.

DISCLOSED DUAL AGENT

A real satats ages? or fim may repressat mors thm ane pasty in Se sams transaction. A Disclowd Deal Agent is 2 icszses who, with the
formed written consent of the Seller and Beyer, is engaged as an agent for both Sslar and Buyer

As 2 disclosed dual agsat, the Losmsss shall not reproseat the mearsets of ona pasty to the sxcixden or detriment of the terest of the other
parry. A disclosed deal agent bas all the Sduciary duties to the Seller and Buyer fat 2 Sellars ar Buyer's agent has axcapt the detins of £11 dices

A Disclosed Dual Agent may mot disclaze:
{a} To the Buyer thar the Seller will accept less than the asking or buted price, unless otierwise Ismcted in wring by the Sellar
{) To the Sallsr that the Bayer will pay a price geass than the pric sebmitid in a writen ofr t the Sellar, ules otharmise metructd
in writing by tis Buyur.
{%) The motivation of =z party for selling, buying, or leasing a property, unless csrwise invested in writing by the respective party, ar
(2) That a Seller or Buyer will agres to Ezancing term other San So offered, unless ofharaise mitructed in writing by the mspective
pty.
IMPORTANT NOTICE!
“Costomer” shall mean that paren. 2ot represented in 8 real sstare transaction. It mex be the buyer, seller, bndlord or tenant
AB Am GUcHe hu woah ih 2 fn i 1 ct ak fo hi Sell fo Fola'n 0 dagen; Tu Hue Contant seve ot 4
5 ita a my as an [3
teem es baalf Such a Sri gona the Salle fact tho Bora) 5 al ma kam er hrly ty tee cae iii
When it comes to the price and terms of 2m ok, the Sellars Agent will ask you to decide bom momch to off for my property 2d wpon wha
brs and conditions. They can sxplein your opteas to you, bet the fal decision is youms, as they cannot give you legal or financial advice, Thay will
attempt to shew you property i the price range amd carsgery you desire so that you will have mfvrmating on which to bass your decision
The Seller's Ageat will present to the Soller amy writks offer that you sk them to present. You should keap to yourwlf avy information dae
you do not want the Seller to know Ls. the price you ame willing to pay, cher terms you are willing to accept, and your motivation for buying). Tha
Zallar's agant i required to tel all tuck =domation to the Sellar. You shoeld not formish the Seller's agent anything you donot wast the Sellar to keow
Hf you desire, vou may obtain the represextation of an attorney or another real estate agent, orboth.

THIS IS NOT A CONTRACT. THIS IS AN ACENOWLEDGEMENT OF DISCLOSURE
Ths below macved Licsnses has informed me that brokerage services ars being provided me as x

D Client (Salbar's or Landlords Agent)
D Client (Buy's or Teno Agent)

2 D Customer (Mot as my Agen)
D Chest (Disclosed Dual Agent)

By signing below, [ acknowledge thar I received tis informative document and ion prior to Se of i ion
which might affect the bargaining position in a real estaty trnmction involving ma.